Background and Ambitions Project
===========================================================
Alex Ballmer ---------------------------------------------
===========================================================

I grew up in a rather peaceful and quiet setting. I lived in a relatively
diverse neighborhood with the right amount of friends and enough of the
ordinary life staples that most kids needed to grow up. Luckily for me, my
parents hated travel, so I lived in the same house for all of my childhood,
with only a few moments of sadness as a few kids moved away (but sometimes
moved back later). 

 Most people would have considered me socially awkward at that time. I even
considered myself that way. It did not really bother me, as I saw it as a
byproduct of being nerdy or hyper-analytical. I was sort of obsessive about
thins at that time as well, especially at a very young age of 3 to 4 years
old. I would repeatedly flip light switches and keep trying to point out fans
to people. At a later age, I centered around computers, science, and various
engineering topics. These would later begin to shape one part of my future. 

High school was a simultaneous upturn and downturn in my life. In the end,
though, it was an amazing experience. The school where I lived was practically
a city, rivaling some small colleges in terms of student body and size. It was
easy to get lost there, both socially and physically. I found my own group of
friends in a club for refurbishing computers. The club actually did much more
than refurbishing, though. With a core group of close friends, I started
numerous projects, including a cobbled together gaming PC hotwired with a
paperclip, a small cluster computer, and an underground 'pirate' server for
students to exchange info inside the school without anyone knowing. In these
later periods, I developed a few of my first purposes in life.   

